Add generic typing for client api handler, update related files (#55)
GDSCUTM-CommunityProjects/UBoard: README.md

Setup needs to be done in order to use the type definitions from the server in our client files.

> Make sure that `"declaration": true` is set in server tsconfig and perform `yarn build` in server dir

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before continuing, make sure you `git pull` and then run `yarn build` in server dir
```
``"declaration": true`` is already set in the codebase. This is a bit redundant.

Author: agreed

Then in the root directory of the project run this:

> Windows:

Reviewer: ![but-why-wtf](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12144493/142566017-ec0b416a-f3fc-476a-8fe5-497aa0b1288a.gif)

Posix is better

Reviewer 2: Windows 🤣🤣🤣🤣

Author: no xbox is better

`mklink /D "%cd%/client/node_modules/models" "%cd%/server/build/models"`

`mklink /D "%cd%/client/node_modules/@types/models" "%cd%/server/build/types/models"`

> Unix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux/Mac:
```

`ln -s "$PWD/server/build/models" "$PWD/client/node_modules/models"`

`ln -s "$PWD/server/build/types/models" "$PWD/client/node_modules/@types/models"`

> Then, types should be picked up from the import path server/..., which allows us to import like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, types should be picked up from the import path models/..., which allows us to import like so:
```
